pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

In August of 2005, I left behind 25 years in the service industry and moved on to roasting coffee. For the next 10 years I mastered this craft while working as lead roaster for Java Brewing Co. During this period, I roasted over 8 million pounds of coffee. Roasting coffee came naturally to me, and I was happy to use my creative side to develop delicious roast profiles with coffees from over 13 countries. 

As a roaster of specialty coffee, I am always looking for the sweet spot of a particular bean, such as the blueberry nuances that can be found in Ethiopian Harrar, or the bright citrus notes of Costa Rican Naranjo. My attention to detail allows me to create a very consistent product while always trying to raise the bar.			

What sets me apart from other roasters is my culinary skills and years behind the roaster. Roasting coffee for me is an artisan craft that doesn’t rely on computers to set the roast profile. Instead, I use all my senses to connect to this process--man and bean connecting to create the finest cup of coffee to share and enjoy with other human beings. This is truly what brings me joy: to see a face light up upon the first sip.

Furthermore, while many coffee houses rely on trendy concoctions that mire the nature of their coffee, Bean’s focus is clean and true to the nature of the, you guessed it, bean. I aim to focus on the quality of the bean itself with a focus on simplicity. This will not be a mecca of the orange-mocha-frappachino-chai-whip, this will be a cozy, community-centered gathering place focused on the natural profile of this ancient crop. Of course, I will offer variations of the standard cup, but the simplicity and back-to-basics approach is what will set me apart.

The setting of Germantown is a diverse one. This area has a dense residential population increasingly occupied by millennials and professionals, a strong thoroughfare of traffic commuting to downtown, and has become a destination for cuisine and quaff. Bean will not only be the sole coffee shop along the bustling Goss Avenue, but will be on the sight the new Germantown Mill Lofts, a multi-use residential community containing 194 units for rent. Bean will sit conveniently in the parking lot across from the Loft’s yoga studio/gym and will become an integral part of this community.

Due to the dense population trends in this area, there is an urgent need for sustainability. Therefore, Bean is dedicated to a future of bicycle coffee delivery to residents and an environment that encourages a more walkable and bike-friendly city. Bean also plans to support local business by selling local staples such as Blue Dog Bread, Nancy’s Bagels, local-made empanadas, donuts, chocolates, and other counter-service items. Soups, salads, sandwiches and house-made quesadillas will also round out the savory options provided by Bean.

The Bean philosophy extends beyond the walls of Germantown Mill Lofts and the surrounding neighborhood. Bean also is committed to partnering with the Louisville independent business scene by providing custom roasted beans to local restaurants and grocers. I have several verbal agreements in the works, one of which is the trending North End Cafe. Hopefully this clarifies my vision, multiple revenue sources, and solidifies my pure intentions.

From my cup to yours,
Billy Seckman

Commit message:

updates to style and header

pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: About
permalink: /about/
page_header_image: /assets/images/beans.jpg
---

In August of 2005, I left behind 25 years in the service industry and moved on to roasting coffee. For the next 10 years I mastered this craft while working as lead roaster for Java Brewing Co. During this period, I roasted over 8 million pounds of coffee. Roasting coffee came naturally to me, and I was happy to use my creative side to develop delicious roast profiles with coffees from over 13 countries.

As a roaster of specialty coffee, I am always looking for the sweet spot of a particular bean, such as the blueberry nuances that can be found in Ethiopian Harrar, or the bright citrus notes of Costa Rican Naranjo. My attention to detail allows me to create a very consistent product while always trying to raise the bar.			

What sets me apart from other roasters is my culinary skills and years behind the roaster. Roasting coffee for me is an artisan craft that doesn’t rely on computers to set the roast profile. Instead, I use all my senses to connect to this process--man and bean connecting to create the finest cup of coffee to share and enjoy with other human beings. This is truly what brings me joy: to see a face light up upon the first sip.

Furthermore, while many coffee houses rely on trendy concoctions that mire the nature of their coffee, Bean’s focus is clean and true to the nature of the, you guessed it, bean. I aim to focus on the quality of the bean itself with a focus on simplicity. This will not be a mecca of the orange-mocha-frappachino-chai-whip, this will be a cozy, community-centered gathering place focused on the natural profile of this ancient crop. Of course, I will offer variations of the standard cup, but the simplicity and back-to-basics approach is what will set me apart.

The setting of Germantown is a diverse one. This area has a dense residential population increasingly occupied by millennials and professionals, a strong thoroughfare of traffic commuting to downtown, and has become a destination for cuisine and quaff. Bean will not only be the sole coffee shop along the bustling Goss Avenue, but will be on the sight the new Germantown Mill Lofts, a multi-use residential community containing 194 units for rent. Bean will sit conveniently in the parking lot across from the Loft’s yoga studio/gym and will become an integral part of this community.

Due to the dense population trends in this area, there is an urgent need for sustainability. Therefore, Bean is dedicated to a future of bicycle coffee delivery to residents and an environment that encourages a more walkable and bike-friendly city. Bean also plans to support local business by selling local staples such as Blue Dog Bread, Nancy’s Bagels, local-made empanadas, donuts, chocolates, and other counter-service items. Soups, salads, sandwiches and house-made quesadillas will also round out the savory options provided by Bean.

The Bean philosophy extends beyond the walls of Germantown Mill Lofts and the surrounding neighborhood. Bean also is committed to partnering with the Louisville independent business scene by providing custom roasted beans to local restaurants and grocers. I have several verbal agreements in the works, one of which is the trending North End Cafe. Hopefully this clarifies my vision, multiple revenue sources, and solidifies my pure intentions.

From my cup to yours,
Billy Seckman
